README.md, before:

# Project-OSWA

## Description

Since the street wear is upcoming trends nowaday, so we came out with an idea that is to do an e-auction web application.By using this application, user be able to join the others bidding and also can create their own auction. The application is look similar to the well-know web like ebay-auction.

## How to run our project?

First, clone our repository, and go to directory.

```
https://github.com/KorawitRupanya/Project-OSWA.git
```

```
cd Project-OSWA
```

<hr>
Second, you have to add node_modules by using command ...

```
npm i
```

or

```
yarn
```

Then, node_modules folder will appear on our project directory.

<hr>

Third, you can run our webpage on your browser with localhost:3000 by using command ...

```
npm start
```

or

```
yarn start
```

## Documents

Trello board : [Trello](https://trello.com/b/myhM5Ihs), [Trello/back-end](https://trello.com/b/TtDLhCaC), [Trello/front-end](https://trello.com/b/nYyXxN0K)</br>
Iteration plan : [Plan](https://github.com/KorawitRupanya/Project-OSWA/wiki/Plan)

## Developers

| ID         | Name                   | Roles                              |
| ---------- | ---------------------- | ---------------------------------- |
| 6010545684 | Korawit Rupanya        | Scrum Master, Full Stack Developer |
| 6010546915 | Gunthee Tawewatmongkol | Frontend-developer, Bugs killer    |
| 601054     | Sorawit Tantharatana   | Frontend-developer                 |
| 6010545056 | Pornpavee Seri-umnouy  | Backend-developer                  |

Commit message:

added npm and yarn installation into README.md

README.md, after:

# Project-OSWA

## Description

Since the street wear is upcoming trends nowaday, so we came out with an idea that is to do an e-auction web application.By using this application, user be able to join the others bidding and also can create their own auction. The application is look similar to the well-know web like ebay-auction.

## How to run our project?

First, clone our repository, and go to directory.

```
https://github.com/KorawitRupanya/Project-OSWA.git
```

```
cd Project-OSWA
```

<hr>
Second, you have to add node_modules by using command ...

```
npm i
```

or

```
yarn
```

Then, node_modules folder will appear on our project directory.</br>
If you don't have 'npm' or 'yarn' on your computer, you can download and install [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/get-npm) or [yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/en/docs/install#mac-stable) here!

<hr>

Third, you can run our webpage on your browser with localhost:3000 by using command ...

```
npm start
```

or

```
yarn start
```

## Documents

Trello board : [Trello](https://trello.com/b/myhM5Ihs), [Trello/back-end](https://trello.com/b/TtDLhCaC), [Trello/front-end](https://trello.com/b/nYyXxN0K)</br>
Iteration plan : [Plan](https://github.com/KorawitRupanya/Project-OSWA/wiki/Plan)

## Developers

| ID         | Name                   | Roles                              |
| ---------- | ---------------------- | ---------------------------------- |
| 6010545684 | Korawit Rupanya        | Scrum Master, Full Stack Developer |
| 6010546915 | Gunthee Tawewatmongkol | Frontend-developer, Bugs killer    |
| 601054     | Sorawit Tantharatana   | Frontend-developer                 |
| 6010545056 | Pornpavee Seri-umnouy  | Backend-developer                  |
